hello and welcome back to learn English
with Minecraft the series where I teach
English while trying to survive in
Minecraft
except today I'm not actually going to
be playing Minecraft
instead I'm going to do something that I
should have done a long time ago today
I'm going to design a custom skin
to play with
my name is Kenzo and this is English
from the ground up so this is skin this
is my skin and in Minecraft
a skin is what your character looks like
and there are a lot of different skins
you can choose from but you can also
design your own and that is exactly what
I'm going to do I'm designing my skin on
minecraftskins.com which is a website
where you can design skins for free I've
already started designing my skin right
here
I want my skin to look kind of like me
so far I've designed my
black hair my fluffy black hair my brown
eyes right here and right here my brown
eyes
and I'm wearing a yellow shirt and green
pants
but
I'm not finished yet the first thing
that I want to do is make my shirt
striped I want the shirt to have white
and yellow stripes Maybe
this color
and I'm going to start drawing stripes
like this
I think that's too white
I want it to be a little bit more yellow
Maybe
like that
this color
let's see what that looks like
okay I like this color a lot more
it looks a little bit like a b but
that's okay because bees are my favorite
bug so I'm going to draw these stripes
on all sides on this side on this side
and on this side
so I'll start by drawing these stripes
on this arm
stripe
and now I'll draw the stripes on the
back on the back
on the back
stripe
and now time to move on to the last arm
right here
maybe I'll also draw Stripes up here up
here on the shoulders
like this
and like this okay I like that
so now I'm wearing a striped shirt a
striped shirt but my shirt needs a
collar a collar this this right here is
the collar of the shirt
and I want the collar to be pink maybe
this color so now I'm going to draw the
collar of the shirt
hmm
okay
and I'll draw the same thing on the back
the back
okay so now the shirt has a collar
but I need to change this right here
where the neck is because the neck
should be the same color as my face like
this
cool so now my shirt has a collar and I
also have a neck and there's still a
couple things that I want to add
first thing that I want to add is some
of this pink color
on the end of the sleeves right here so
this this is called a sleeve and I want
to change the color of the end the end
right here of the sleeve
and I want it to be the same color as
the collar
so I'm going to select this pink color
and
draw some pink on the end of the sleeve
right here
and I'll do the same thing on the other
sleeve
cool I colored the end of the sleeves
pink
and now there's only one thing that's
missing and that is my watch
I always wear this watch so I need to
put it on my Minecraft skin the face of
the watch will be white
like this
and the strap the strap is kind of green
so I'll make it the same color as the
pants
okay there we go now it's time to move
on to the pants so I want there to be
rips and holes in the pants
so I'm going to try to design some
ripped pants right now
[Music]
okay the first try was a failure
but I'm going to try again
[Music]
okay well it's not perfect but it's good
enough for me
so now I'm going to move on to the shoes
I'm going to design some shoes down here
I think I'm going to make the shoes
Brown
[Music]
okay so now it's time to move on to the
final thing that I want to add which is
body armor
because I'm going to need it to survive
so I'm going to do my best to design
some body armor for my skin I'm starting
by drawing some straps that go over my
shoulders
foreign
the shoulder straps
okay
so this is the main chest plate
and
I'm going to draw the same thing on the
back
all right something like that a lot of
body armor also has straps that go right
here
so I'm going to draw those now
remove the arms
cool
and now I'm just going to add details to
the chest plate
okay I'm happy with that and like before
I'll do the same thing on the back
like this
and
like
this
[Music]
that kind of looks like body armor
okay
I think it's finished it's not the best
skin in the world but it's good enough
for me I've never designed a Minecraft
skin before so this was my first try now
I'm going to download this skin and
enter my Minecraft world to see what it
looks like in the game
download all right
opening Minecraft
[Music]
I'm excited change skin
um
no no
I don't know how to change my skin
back to Google how to change Minecraft
skin bedrock
use owned skins
okay own skins right here choose new
skin
here we go
yeah
um
they look the same
maybe this one
all right
[Music]
what's happening right here what's
Happening Here
oh I see
I need to erase erase erase erase erase
erase erase erase erase erase
all right try number two
this one
it looks good okay let's enter the world
fish land
okay
and there we go
my custom skin
[Music]
I love it
I'm very happy with this skin so I'm
going to end this video right here
check out my next Minecraft video to see
me playing with my new skin
if you liked this video you could click
the like button or subscribe to my
channel by clicking up here
and if you want to continue learning you
could watch my last video by clicking
down here
thank you so much for watching and I
will see you in the next video
see ya